Since you want to see
Then show it to your dad
If you dare to go up
Yaoyao will ignore you again
Yaoyao Dad
I beg you.
Don't embarrass mom, okay?
Breeze
Even Yaoyao, a 6-year-old child, knows shame
Why don't you have any sense of shame?
If this trash has a sense of shame
Can eat soft rice in my Duan family for 7 years
That's the kind of person who lies
It's completely immoral.
Otherwise, how do you say it?
What intergenerational smartphone did you build?
Ah breeze
Don't say you research
Can the mobile phone sent play those games?
So what if I could?
Our lower general phone
But there is a weather forecast function.
That's collecting and analyzing satellite data
Accuracy up to 70%
70% of you want to win
To tell you the truth
My phone has achieved 99% accuracy.
Hahaha, did you hear that?
He said his phone was 99 percent developed.
Breeze, are you crazy?
Do you know what you're talking about?
Is this kid crazy?
Not bad, the island country has a 70% accuracy rate
How dare he say 99%
This is nonsense.
Dad is bragging again.
Breeze, since you blow so well
Then hurry up and show it on stage.
It's not that we don't believe us.
You guys just want to open your eyes
Then let you get what you want
head of delegation
Why is Hu Tianyi afraid?
The tortoise is afraid of you nonsense
You can come on stage
But you must promise me three conditions.
Don't say three
I can also promise 100.
backbone
The first one.
You want to compensate us for the loss of the exhibition that day.
10 million
Kneel down and apologize
Ok I promise
Qingfeng, are you really crazy?
Do you have 10 million?
Qingfeng, just wait to kneel and apologize
How can he have money?
Be brave here
At that time, it will not be our Mengxue who will help him pay the bill.
Mengxue, if he despises losing
You divorce him directly
He doesn't kneel
Do you have any money?
Does it have anything to do with us? Second
After Qin Feng said it
You are going to sell your gorgeous shares to the next